11/23/24 Changelog

This is the first changelog I've written. I still haven't implemented showing the changelogs, but I figured I might as well write one for the future.
Today I mainly worked on fixing the formatting and making the game work on mobile devices. I haven't tested a mobile game yet, but it should work.
I think the transitions may be a little overkill, but I don't know how to make them more specific. Still they look nice. Maybe I just need even more. 

I also added some new buttons for "See Powers" and "Other", which leads to "Settings", "Credits", and "Changelog", though "See Powers", "Credits", and "Changelog" are all unimplemented. 
I plan on showing extra information on each power and synergy in See Powers. I also dream of adding a sandbox, where you can choose powers to test, though I don't know how hard that will be.
The credits menu will allow me to give credit to all of the artists whose designs I gracefully stole from wikipedia, and credit to the playtesters who helped me. 
The change log menu will include a list of change logs like this one. 
I already made the settings menu, though it only has one option, which allows you to see the technical names for each power

I also started implementation of storing wins with each piece locally. Currently it's only visible in browser dev tools, but I want to 
let the user see their win / loss with each piece when drafting and when looking at see powers

I also added the American Dream power, which automatically kills any promoted piece on either side. It's using new the technology of a global power, 
which works now that I have rewritten the onEndTurn implementation for pieces. I plan on adding a few similar powers, along with continuing the random 
number generation update from a few days ago. There are currently 46 powers and synergies in the game, which is a very solid amount. 
I'm starting to realize that the game may become too unpredictable with even 50+ powers, because it's already hard to get a power you want.
I might expand the power system to allow for multiple sets, like in Super Auto Pets
Or maybe I'll play into the chaos by adding even more powers, while also adding similar / derivative powers in order to improve balance and consistency. 

I feel like the final goal of a Steam Release is definately possible. I'd like to do that by the end of December, so that I can move on to other projects properly. 